README.md, before:

# Code Refactoring

This project demanded reworking the existing code (HTML and CSS) to identify and eliminate all existing problems.

The main goals consisted in: 
- Bringing the codebase into compliance with the accessibility standards and responsiveness
- Introducing semantic HTML into the document structure for search engine optimization
- Fixing any broken links within the page
- Improving the layout and overall look of the page (sticky navigation bar, color scheme, positioning, etc.)

Below, there are screenshots of the BEFORE and AFTER look of the site. 

# Link to the finished product

[Code Refactoring - HoriSEOn](https://bohdicave.github.io/Code_Refactor)

# Screenshots AFTER refactoring

![HoriSEOn - Refactored #1](./assets/images/horiseon-refactored-0.png)

![HoriSEOn - Refactored #2](./assets/images/horiseon-refactored-1.png)

![HoriSEOn - Refactored #3](./assets/images/horiseon-refactored-2.png)

# Screenshots BEFORE refactoring

![HoriSEOn - Broken #1](./assets/images/horiseon-initial-0.png)

![HoriSEOn - Broken #2](./assets/images/horiseon-initial2.png)

![HoriSEOn - Broken #3](./assets/images/horiseon-initial.png)

Commit message:

Refactored the CSS code with a consistent flexbox grid for cross-device responsiveness. README screenshots updated.

README.md, after:

# Code Refactoring

This project demanded reworking the existing code (HTML and CSS) to identify and eliminate all existing problems.

The main goals consisted in: 
- Bringing the codebase into compliance with the accessibility standards and responsiveness
- Introducing semantic HTML into the document structure for search engine optimization
- Fixing any broken links within the page
- Improving the layout and overall look of the page (sticky navigation bar, color scheme, positioning, etc.)

Additionally, I later refactored the code once again with a consistent flexbox grid to ensure cross-device responsiveness. 

Below, there are screenshots of the BEFORE and AFTER look of the site. 

# Link to the finished product

[Code Refactoring - HoriSEOn](https://bohdicave.github.io/Code_Refactor)

# Screenshots AFTER refactoring

![HoriSEOn - Refactored #1](./assets/images/horiseon-refactored-0.png)

![HoriSEOn - Refactored #2](./assets/images/horiseon-refactored-1.png)

![HoriSEOn - Refactored #3](./assets/images/horiseon-refactored-2.png)

# Screenshots BEFORE refactoring

![HoriSEOn - Broken #1](./assets/images/horiseon-initial-0.png)

![HoriSEOn - Broken #2](./assets/images/horiseon-initial2.png)

![HoriSEOn - Broken #3](./assets/images/horiseon-initial.png)
